Let go, are you fucking courting death?
This scumbag, how dare you look at me three times
Please help me get my chair
Fart you dream
Ah!
convinced
i
You too!
Today is the day the government's relocation approval round is announced
Wang Jian said
Before publication
I want to give you another chance.
Oh.
Then say it.
Does the Xu family want 2/3 of the royal business?
In exchange
I won't let them embarrass your royal family again
The Xu family is shameless
Why don't you just grab it?
Young people are so ignorant
Huang Jian She
Do you want to use your
1/3 of the business is extended
I still want Huang Jian to give me this choice directly
You do it.
The key is that this is especially open by the Xu family
I don't know what's good or bad.
The results have not been announced yet
The Xu family is so impatient
Smashed the letter again
Our Xu family has already thought it through
Since the royal family doesn't give face at all
Don't blame our Xu family for being rude
Secretary Li is here
Come on, come in, come in, hahaha.
So let's see what you're going to do.
Mr. Xu is not good
Half the government's approval has been released
The address is your mother's pit.